Let's say that we have a GAN,
and we are tuning it to generate new images of cats,
giving a bunch of training data.
So, a typical GAN is made of two types of neural networks;
a discriminator D, which was a straightforward classifier,
usually a convolutional neural network.
You give it an image,
it outputs a number,
between zero and one,
and indicates whether or not,
the image is real,
so one, or fake, zero.
A generator G, which produce a fake or generate images G of Z.
This is typically a network made of
transpose convolutional layers of ups and post the vector z,
and generates an image.
So, during training, the discriminator will alternate
between seeing real and generated images.
So again, pit these two networks against one another.
So, essentially fighting over one number,
the error rate of the discriminator.
So, the discriminator wants his classification error to be low.
So, if he sees a fake image,
it wants to classify it as fake.
Generally, a log-likelihood loss is used to calculate how
close output of the discriminator is to classifying generated images as fake.
This is a measure of how good the discriminator has in identifying fake images.
If it sees a real image x,
it wants to classify it as real or one,
another log loss term is added.
The generator wants the opposite.
It wants the classification error of the discriminator to be
high because his job is to fool the discriminator.
So, if it produce an image,
such that discriminator thinks it's fake,
says it knows that's not good,
and it changes its behavior and tries again until it can fool the discriminator.
Eventually over time and using back propagation to update their weights,
both of these network should improve.
In this cat example,
the generator will produce images,
that looks more and more like real cats,
and total discriminator when faced with a real or a generated images,
the output is 0.5.
This means that these images are indistinguishable.
Then, the generator is said to be trained and you can tell it to make new data.
So, the generator has basically lend a mapping between
any latent factor Z and an image of a cat.
So indeed, the generator in this method treats the discriminator as its loss function.
So, in trying to develop a generalizable loss function, here,
we have found the solution,
by creating a loss function,
that is learned and rather than explicitly did found.
Next, let's see how we can get a similar architecture,
pics to pics, to work for an image to image translation problem.